response 0:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: his life, his work, and his future plans.»
Write a paragraph about the tragedy that happened in Paradise, California. Use the words from the text and your own words.
Write a paragraph about the difference between the two major political parties in US and the reasons why they differ.
Write a paragraph about the advantages and disadvantages of the use of robots in the future. Use the words from the text and your own words.
Write a paragraph about the role of the internet in our daily life: how it changed our lives and why it changed them.
A lot of people have different styles of traveling. On this page, you are going to write a paragraph about your own style of traveling.
Write a paragraph about your impressions after reading this text. Use the words from the text and your own words.
Write a paragraph about the similarities and differences between these two texts. Use the words from the text and your own words.
Write a paragraph about the advantages and disadvantages of the use of the Internet in our daily life. Use the words from the text and your own words.
Write a paragraph about the advantages and disadvantages of the use of the Internet in our daily life. Use the words from the text and your own words.
Write a paragraph about
---------------------------
response 1:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: his life story, his business career, his future projects, how he is a visionary, how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how to make a vibration screen of an automatic grinding machine models of automatic grinding machine india
The automatic grinding machine is specially designed for the production of standard and metric sized rings and discs in any material including silver and gold
A wide variety of automatic grinding machine options are available to you there are 1336 suppliers who sells automatic grinding machine on mainly located in asia the top countries of suppliers are india china and india from which the percentage of automatic grinding machine supply is 1 99 and 1 respectively
Grinding machine manufacturers suppliers exporters in india grinding machine manufacturers in india our grinding machine are made from superior quality raw materials in order to ensure their durability and reliability
May 19 2020 the automatic grinding machine is specially designed for the production of standard and metric sized rings and discs in any material including silver and gold
Dec 09 2014 this machine is a compact type floor model with a small foot print in fact it will fit in a stationery cupboard compared to the heavy floor type grinders used by traditional jewelers
What are the benefits
---------------------------
response 2:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: his life, his achievements, his career, his future goals. It should be at least 250 words long.
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: his life, his achievements, his career, his future goals. It should be at least 250 words long. Read More
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is seeking submissions on the proposed review of the Australian Consumer Law.
The ACCC is seeking submissions on the proposed changes to the Australian Consumer Law (ACL) and the Australian Consumer Law Codes of Practice. The ACCC is proposing to review the ACL to ensure it continues to provide consumers with effective and predictable protection, and to ensure the ACL remains compliant with the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement.
Submissions are sought from all interested parties, including consumers, industry and any other interested parties.
The ACCC is seeking submissions on any aspect of the ACL, the Code of Practice, and the proposed changes to be considered in the review.
The ACCC is particularly interested in receiving submissions that identify any areas of confusion or uncertainty under the ACL and the Code of Practice, and any areas where the ACL could be improved.
As part of this review the ACCC is also proposing to make amendments to the
---------------------------
response 3:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: Tesla, Space X, SolarCity, and OpenAI. Your paragraphs should be at least 200 words long. You can use the following sites to find information about Elon Musk: Wikipedia, Google Scholar, and Bloomberg.
Create a brief outline of the book. Include the following in your outline: title, author, main characters, and the theme of the book.
Write a letter to your friend in the United States about the following: Where are you from? What is your favorite sport? Where did you go to school? What is your favorite movie? Who is your favorite celebrity?When you’re first starting out, you may not have the luxury of choosing to do things your way. You’ll need to do whatever your clients ask or they’ll go to someone else. But don’t let this short term pain become a habit.“I think that is the biggest misconception, that we are a socialist country,” he said. “We are very much a capitalist country.”
“We are not in a situation where we can just sit back and say, well, we are a capitalist country and we do not have to worry about this,” he said. “We need to realize that.”
“Yesterday
---------------------------
response 4:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: his life, career, and most important invention. Make sure to include his most important invention. Use five different sources. One of them must be a peer-reviewed journal article. The other four could be books, news reports, encyclopedia articles, or websites.
a. A peer-reviewed journal article could be found on the Internet by using a search engine, on the Libraries’ databases, or in the library.The first is that it has a very simple setup. This is great for beginners because it can take you a long time to learn how to use a complicated program. The second is that it has a lot of great features. The third is that it is very easy to use. This is great for beginners because you can get started using it right away. Even if you have never used a video editing program before, you should be able to figure out how to use this one.
The fourth is that it has a lot of templates. You will find that most of the programs that have templates will also have a lot of additional features. These will allow you to make very customizable video clips that will look great. You can also add music to your videos and add text to the video. You can
---------------------------
response 5:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: his early life, his career, his achievements, his failures, and his future goals. You can choose any topic provided in the reading, or choose a different one that you think is more interesting. Your essay must be at least 150 words. I have attached a sample answer.As the name suggests, it is a private beach with a golden sand and clear waters. This beach is sheltered from the wind and whenever the weather is not pleasant, you can always go to the nearby beach bar and have a great time. If you want to have some fun, you can rent a boat or a jet ski or simply go for a swim.The School of Medicine and the School of Nursing and Health Studies will host a public forum: “Health – The Common Good” on Tuesday, March 18th, 2014, from 7:00-7:45 p.m. in the Pillar Room at the School of Medicine, located in the Health Sciences Complex.
Dr. Robert Kessler, Associate Dean of Health Sciences and Director of the Undergraduate Program in Health Studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill will present a discussion about the importance of a health care workforce committed to the common good.
Dr. Kessler has a long
---------------------------
response 6:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: his childhood, family, education, career, and impact on the world. Use the following outline as a guide.We recommend the use of your own hair extensions. However, we also provide you with the same quality of Remy human hair extensions, if you do not have yours on hand.The US dollar has been weakened by the latest employment figures and the recent confirmation that the Fed is to raise interest rates by 0.25% in December.“We have to be smart. There’s a lot of things we can do as a team,” he said. “But as a team, we need to be smart and be locked in, and it will be a great opportunity to play on the road and win a game. It’s a good win for us.”
It’s something that Minnesota hasn’t been able to do for awhile. It’s something that hasn’t been done since the 2013-14 season, when the Timberwolves won four of their first five games.“You are as warlike as you can be,” the lady said, “and I am as peaceable as I can be, so you have not much to thank me for in that respect.”
“Why,” the lady
---------------------------
response 7:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: Elon Musk (/ˈɛlvɒn ˌmʌsk/; born 28 June 1971) is an entrepreneur, inventor, industrial designer, and philanthropist from South Africa. He is the co-founder, CEO, and CTO of Tesla Motors and SpaceX, and is the founder of SolarCity.We are almost all over the place. See the map below for locations. The map will be updated shortly.Fifty-nine percent of respondents say that the United States is still a Christian nation. This is up from 52% in 2010.
That is a big jump. As I noted earlier, the number of people saying that the United States is a Christian nation has been steadily rising since 2007.
This is another bit of evidence that Christianity is becoming increasingly mainstream. At the same time, it is a bit of a mixed blessing. I am not sure that many Americans would say that it is their Christian duty to vote Republican. And if a person believes that the United States is a Christian nation, then I am not sure what the reaction is to people who say that the United States is a secular nation.
The survey results also show that a large majority of Americans say that a government should not force churches to perform m
---------------------------
response 8:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: 1. Give a brief introduction to Elon Musk's personal life. 2. Describe Elon Musk's biggest achievements. 3. Write about his role in the development of space industry. 4. Explain how Elon Musk is contributing to the development of space tourism. 5. Describe his relationship with the government and his future projects.
Write an essay about your best holiday trip. 1. Give a brief description of the journey. 2. Tell about the most interesting places you have visited. 3. Describe your favourite moments. 4. Tell about your feelings and impressions. 5. Tell what you have learned from the trip.
Write a passage about human rights in the world: 1. Describe the human rights and the laws that protect them. 2. Tell about the problems that exist in the world today. 3. Discuss what the state should do to solve these problems. 4. Tell who is responsible for the violation of human rights. 5. Give your opinion.
Write an essay about the best place to visit in your region. 1. Give a brief description of the place. 2. Tell why people like this place. 3. Explain why you like this place. 4. Describe your feelings and impressions. 5. Give your
---------------------------
response 9:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about Elon Musk: Tesla Motors, PayPal, Space X, SolarCity and Hyperloop. You can find more information about the company on Wikipedia.
Your task is to write a short essay about Elon Musk and his success story. You can find some interesting information on Wikipedia.What is more important is to know what this means to the reader. If this is your first time reading a classic, you may be wondering what on earth I am talking about. Well, this is one of the first ‘real’ books I ever read. I am glad I did, because it helped me realize what I wanted to write about. It made me realize that there were books that I enjoyed reading more than others.Here, in this place, the road ends. There is no other path. This is the end of the road. Here, I will rest. Here, I will wait. Here, I will live.
The road is a path of discovery. I have found that the road is a path of growth. The road is a path of love. The road is a path of learning. The road is a path of sacrifice. The road is a path of learning. The road is a path of acceptance.
The road is a path of trust. The road
---------------------------
